Update to tutorial lead instructions (#27)
uwhackweek/hackweeks-as-a-service: docs/resources/recognition.md

# Recognizing Contributions

> There are a variety of ways that we would like to recognize community contributions to hackweeks. 

Reviewer: Right now we only show the one way (adding self to the website).

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should list out the three presented options from this page under this intro sentence as:
* Website Presence
* Online Tutorials
* Referrals and Feedback

The website presence takes the bulk of the content, but we are really presenting three options here

## Website Presence

We invite all people who join us in organizing and hosting a hackweek to be included in our "Meet the team" section of each hackweek website. 

We use this YAML markdown template for each team member. 

```
- title: 
  avatar: 
  role: 
  organizations:
  - name: 
    url: 
  - name: 
  bio: 
  expertise:
  - 
  - 
  social:
  - icon: github
    icon_pack: fab
    link: 
  user_groups:
  - 
  ```

The first step is to copy the text above into your favorite editor and add your information. Here is an example of how the text you include gets rendered on the website:

  ```{image} ../images/website-bio.jpg
:alt: example of how to fill out website bio
:width: 1100px
:align: center
```

> Note that it is important to precisely follow the indentation and spacing layout shown here, so that the website correctly interprets the YAML format. Also, we encourage everyone to use their GitHub avatar as the source of their personal photograph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Notes:**
- You must precisely follow the indentation and spacing layout shown here, so that the website correctly interprets the YAML format.
- We encourage everyone to use their GitHub avatar as the source of their personal photograph.
- Only your GitHub username (not a full url) is required for the `link` key under `social`.
- Acceptable user groups (roles) can be found [here](https://uwhackweek.github.io/hackweeks-as-a-service/services/index.html).

```

## Uploading to the website

There are two ways you can upload your information so that we can include you on the website:

> 1. send the completed YAML file to one of the lead organizers, and they will push it to the website

Reviewer 3: I'd prefer to remove this first option :) I think encouraging the pull request route is best to push tutorial leads towards getting comfortable with github

Reviewer: Agreed.

  avatar: 
  role: 
  organizations:
  - name: 
    url: 
  - name: 
  bio: 
  expertise:
  - 
  - 
  social:
  - icon: github
    icon_pack: fab
    link: 
  user_groups:
  - 
  ```
 Here is an example of how the text you include in this template gets rendered on the website:

  ```{image} ../images/website-bio.jpg
:alt: example of how to fill out website bio
:width: 1100px
:align: center
```

**Notes:**
- You must precisely follow the indentation and spacing layout shown here, so that the website correctly interprets the YAML format.
- We encourage everyone to use their GitHub avatar as the source of their personal photograph.
- Only your GitHub username (not a full url) is required for the `link` key under `social`.
- Acceptable user groups (roles) can be found [here](https://uwhackweek.github.io/hackweeks-as-a-service/services/index.html).

### Uploading to the website

To include your content on the website, please make a pull request to the `team.yaml` file located in the website for the event you're involved with. For example, here is the [file for the ICESat-2 2022 hackweek](https://github.com/ICESAT-2HackWeek/website2022/blob/main/book/team.yaml). 

## Online Tutorials

> All of our tutorials are recorded and shared on the [eScience Institute's youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLKSeDZWDqBzKRfHTabg1lQ). We encourage tutorial leads to link to these videos from their social media accounts and websites as a way to demonstrate their teaching competencies.

Reviewer 2: Shall this link be changed to the 'Playlists'?
There we have the videos nicely organized by Hackweeks and might be an easier entry to find past content
https://www.youtube.com/c/UWeScienceInstitute/playlists
